[rustling]
[gasps softly]
[RENA pants]
[RENA screams]
There are two others out there,
so why are you coming after me?
Why me?
No way I could pass up a pair
of plump,
delicious thighs like yours!
Yes, you're going to make
quite the feast for us tonight.
The meat on your arms looks
so succulent and tender,
I can almost taste it already!
But I don't wanna be eaten.
Please stay away!
I should be safe here.
Huh? Ah!
It's you, Rika!
[KEIICHI]
Hmm?
[RENA pants]
Are you still alive?
I've managed
to pull through so far.
Satoko and Mion
were chasing after me!
Well, you're safe here with me!
That's such a relief.
Huh? Rika? Please stop that.
Stop it.
Wait. Don't come
any closer, please.
Please don't!
[RIKA]
It won't hurt, Rena.
You won't feel a thing.
What do you mean it won't hurt?
[RIKA] When I'm eating
you alive. Miiii!
Would you really?
Would you really do that?
You wouldn't, Rika!
[RENA screams]
She's gonna eat me, Keiichi!
[sighs]
That was crazy.
What an intense game of tag!
And who'd have guessed.
That Rena had the guts to
just take someone out like that.
[gasps]
[KEIICHI]
Mion, you friggin' lying jerk.
Ah.
Huh?!
Here, you can use this.
[KEIICHI]
Oh, perfect. Thank you.
[RENA]
Work harder. Can't stop now.
Work harder. And harder!
And harder! And harder!
Gotta work harder!
Can't stop.
Gotta work harder.
[MION] Then you're
in for a big surprise!
Our main event.
It's the Four‐Demon
Battle Royale!
Well, the name's
interesting at least.
Now that we have Keiichi,
we need to make it a Five‐Demon
Battle Royale, though.
[chortles]
This challenge will be
the perfect chance for you
to put everything we've
taught you into practice!
That's right!
We'll be making the rounds
through the festival stalls
and playing club games.
So that's how it is?
Now I'm getting
kind of excited, too!
[RENA laughs]
It's done. It's gonna be okay!
Nobody knows where to look
the police or anyone else!
[KEIICHI]
Hey! Rena!
Workin' up a sweat?
[RENA] Even all this
hard work wasn't enough.
Or maybe.
Maybe this is still punishment
for my family's sin.
Maybe it's because we broke
the rules and left Hinamizawa.
Please, tell me. I beg you.
How much longer do we have
to suffer your curse
before you're satisfied?
When will this end?
I beg you to grant my family
your forgiveness, Lord Oyashiro!
Hey there, kids.
Looks like you're
having a good time.
Not that it isn't a
pleasure to see you here,
but I must point out how rude it
is to be taking pictures
of a lady without
asking her permission.
That's true, but he was
taking a picture of you.
♪
Lord Oyashiro?
It's the guardian
deity of Hinamizawa.
That's why it's so important
that we all pay our respects.
Thank you, our Lord Oyashiro.
A guardian deity?
Man, how far did Rena have
to go to track everybody down?
[RENA] Yes or no, Keiichi?
Did you see or not?
Did you? Or not?
[CHIE]
Pardon me, Maebara.
[KEIICHI]
Hi, Ms. Chie. What's up?
There's someone
waiting at the front gate
who says he would
like to see you.
What? Who is it?
[RENA] That old man
walking with Keiichi.
I know him.
Why would Keiichi
be hanging around
with a police officer at school?
Why here?
Why? Why? Why?
[SATOKO]
Ah!
That's one more club member
present and accounted for!
Honestly, now, where could
Keiichi have gotten off to?
Though in any case,
we can't delay the meeting
on his account, can we, Rena?
There's been a gruesome murder,
and it's up to us
to guess the right cards
and reveal the killer!
[RENA]
Sorry. Be right there, okay?
What is this?
Is your neck bothering you?
[RENA] Oh, no!
It's nothing to worry about.
Just itchy.
I'm not sure what it is.
It's been like this
lately for some reason.
Well, that's unfortunate, but
hopefully it will clear up soon.
I'm sure I'll be fine,
thank you.
I have a question.
Have you guys been lying
to me about anything
or keeping something
hidden from me?
Huh? We would never do that!
Yes, you would.
[RENA]
Keiichi, why would you say that?
It's the truth!
You never said a word about‐‐
Okay. How 'bout you?
Fair's fair, isn't it?
So, what are you not telling me?
We're friends, aren't we?
So, have you lied?
Have you been lying to me
or keeping something
hidden from me?
Of course not.
I've always been
honest with you.
That's a lie.
Why do you think I'm lying?
[RENA]
Because I saw it.
You hid something
from me at the junkyard.
Something you didn't
want me knowing you'd seen.
Hold on.
[RENA] And you lied
about where you were
during the club meeting.
You didn't really go to the
teacher's office, did you?
How do you‐‐
[RENA] You were outside
in a car talking to someone,
an older man I didn't recognize.
Now who was he, that man?
I didn't catch his name, but...
And why would a total stranger
come to talk with you at school?
What, how would I know that?
Well, you know what you
talked about, don't you?
It had nothing to do with you!
You liar!
[ICHIRO]
Keiichi!
[ICHIRO] Someone from the
bookstore is calling you.
The bookstore?
[ICHIRO]
Oh, hi, good to see you, Rena!
Nice to see you as well, sir!
[ICHIRO] Please, no need
to stand around out there!
Come on inside.
Keiichi is up in his room.
[RENA]
Thank you for having me!
[ICHIRO]
You know where that is, right?
Just up the stairs,
on your left.
[RENA]
I got it.
Thank you, though!
[ICHIRO] Oh, uh, hey,
if you'll give me a second,
I've got some snacks
for you two.
Awoo!
[ICHIRO] You go ahead,
I'll bring them up.
Snacks are my favorite!
[ICHIRO chuckles]
You two enjoy yourselves, okay?
[RENA]
We will!
[KEIICHI]
Yes, Detective. Please, tell me!
I'd like to hear it.
Yeah, she told me she'd
just moved here recently.
[KEIICHI]
Really?
[RENA] He was on the phone
with that detective.
He was talking on the
phone to the detective!
Talking about me
with that detective!
It'll be fine.
You don't need to worry, Dad.
I just have to work harder.
I'm home.
Ahh.
Hey there, Reina you're back.
You remembered to eat lunch
today, didn't you?
[RENA'S DAD chuckles] I honestly
just wasn't very hungry.
[RENA]
Are you okay?
[RENA'S DAD]
A little worried.
I haven't been able
to get in touch with Rina.
And she apparently hasn't shown
up for work the past few days.
That's not good.
I hope she's okay.
[phone rings]
You just relax and let me
get the phone, okay, Dad?
Sure, thanks.
[AIKO]
Hello? Is this Rena?
[RENA]
Keiichi's mom, is that you?
[AIKO]
Hi there! Sorry to bother you,
but I was hoping
I could ask you a favor.
[RENA] Is there something you
need me to do for Keiichi?
[AIKO] Yeah. I got called
into the city for work,
and I'm gonna
have to stay overnight.
Keiichi's stuck home all
by himself right now.
[RENA]
What about his dad?
[AIKO]
I had to bring him with me.
Sorry to ask this
on such short notice,
but I really need your help.
You don't have to worry
about a thing, ma'am.
I'll be happy to come over
and make dinner for Keiichi!
[AIKO]
Oh, thank you so much, dear!
We have plenty
of stuff in the fridge,
and you're free to use whatever
you need in the kitchen, okay?
Was there somewhere
you needed to be?
[RENA] Yeah. I'm going
to Keiichi's house.
I hope you don't mind
if dinner is a bit later
than usual tonight.
[RENA'S DAD]
Don't worry about it.
Just be safe out there, okay?
Yeah! I'm gonna go work hard.
[doorbell rings]
[RENA]
Hey, Keiichi?
Please open the door.
[KEIICHI]
Oh. Hey, Rena.
Your mom called to tell me
she was going to be
out of town for the night.
She asked me if I would come
and bring you dinner.
[KEIICHI]
Oh. That's a surprise.
She hadn't mentioned it to me.
[RENA] I made a lot so we
would have plenty to share,
so it's heavy.
Would you please let me in?
Can I come in, please?
Why are you being
so mean to me right now?
Why?
Did Rena say or do
anything to scare you?
[KEIICHI]
It's crazy, right?
She's a close friend,
and I care about her a lot,
but sometimes, she...
...she looks at me
with this dead stare,
and her eyes are
so cold and empty,
and it does scare me.
"You liar."
If that's what you're worried
about, it was just one moment,
and you shouldn't
get hung up on it.
Maybe it hit
you harder than usual
'cause you were tired
when she said it.
Or maybe some anxiety of yours
is making things seem
worse than they are.
You should try
to keep that in mind
if you ever find yourself
feeling scared of Rena again.
So, make sure it's not
actually your own troubles
that are making you worry, okay?
It's okay.
Huh?
Hold on. Does that
mean you are feeling better,
or you're hungry, or uh...?
Now everything
is going to be okay.
[laughs]
I know you can win, Keiichi!
Let's go!
You've got this!
[school bell rings]
Why, good morning, everybody!
[STUDENT A]
Morning!
Good morning.
Good morning to you, too!
Where are Keiichi and Rena?
[CHIE]
Good morning, class.
I know it's a bit early,
but could everybody
please take your seats?
I have an important
announcement to make.
I wonder what
this could be about.
But how could this be?
This isn't right.
[CHIE] Please listen
and stay calm, okay?
Last night.
Your classmates,
Ryugu and Maebara,
were found unconscious,
with serious injuries.
Maebara is recovering.
He's currently staying
in the hospital.
But unfortunately, Ryugu was‐‐
[RIKA]
That's a lie!
I couldn't
believe it either, Rika.
I've been trying
to make sense of it
since the police called
to tell us about it,
but it doesn't seem real.
[SATOKO]
Rika?
[CHIE] Miss Furude, I'm not
done with my announcement.
Please stay in your seat.
[RIKA]
You're not done?
I am. It's over.
[SATOKO] Don't worry, I'll
check on her when I get home.
[CHIE]
Thank you, Miss Hojo.
[RIKA grunting]
[screams]
[SATOKO] I'm here
to check up on you, Rika.
And you wasted no time dying.
You've taken care of a very
important step for me.
Now I can follow you
into your next life.
[SATOKO] No doubt you think
this was simply bad luck.
You abandoned this fragment,
hoping to escape
tragedy in the next.
I'm certain that's
what you had planned.
but I simply can't allow it.
You will surrender
your dream or suffer loss
after tragic loss,
death after miserable death.
under the curse
of Lord Oyashiro.
[RIKA] Next time:
Wataakashi‐hen, Part One.